Add Development Documentation To README (#2620)
jellyfin/jellyfin: README.md

<a href="https://translate.jellyfin.org/engage/jellyfin/?utm_source=widget">
<img src="https://translate.jellyfin.org/widgets/jellyfin/-/jellyfin-web/multi-auto.svg" alt="Detailed Translation Status"/>
</a>

## Jellyfin Server

This repository contains the code for Jellyfin's backend server. Note that this is only one of many projects under the Jellyfin GitHub [organization](https://github.com/jellyfin/) on GitHub. If you want to contribute, you can start by checking out our [documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/index.html) to see what to work on.

## Server Development

These instructions will help you get set up with a local development environment in order to contribute to this repository. Before you start, please be sure to completely read our [guidelines on development contributions](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/development.html). Note that this project is supported on all major operating systems except FreeBSD, which is still incompatible.

### Prerequisites

Before the project can be built, you must first install the [.NET Core 3.1 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) on your system.

> Instructions to run this project from the command line are included here, but you will also need to install an IDE if you want to debug the server while it is running. Any IDE that supports .NET Core development will work, but two options are recent versions of [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) (at least 2017) and [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download).

Reviewer: Technically vscode isn't an IDE ;)

Author: Eh, maybe we can just leave it to keep this description simple haha

2. Build them from source following the instructions on the [jellyfin-web repository](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web)
3. Get the pre-built files from an existing installation of the server. For example, with a Windows server installation the client files are located at `C:\Program Files\Jellyfin\Server\jellyfin-web`

Once you have a copy of the built web client files, you need to copy them into a specific directory.

> `<repository root>/Mediabrowser.WebDashboard/jellyfin-web`

As part of the build process, this folder will be copied to the build output directory, where it can be accessed by the server.

### Running The Server

The following instructions will help you get the project up and running via the command line, or your preferred IDE.

#### Running With Visual Studio

To run the project with Visual Studio you can open the Solution (`.sln`) file and then press `F5` to run the server.

#### Running With Visual Studio Code

> To run the project with Visual Studio Code you will first need to open the repository directory with Visual Studio Code using the `Open Folder...` option.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be the `Open Workspace` option?

Author: AFAIK the two options are the same unless you have a multi-folder workspace

Second, you need to [install the recommended extensions for the workspace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_recommended-extensions). Note that extension recommendations are classified as either "Workspace Recommendations" or "Other Recommendations", but only the "Workspace Recommendations" are required.

After the required extensions are installed, you can can run the server by pressing `F5`.

#### Running From The Command Line

To run the server from the command line you can use the `dotnet run` command. The example below shows how to do this if you have cloned the repository into a directory named `jellyfin` (the default directory name) and should work on all operating systems.

```bash
cd jellyfin         # Move into the repository directory
cd Jellyfin.Server  # Move into the server startup project directory

> dotnet run          # Run the server startup project

Reviewer: `dotnet run --project Jellyfin.Server` in the root works too

Author: Yeah, I like that better. Updated.

<a href="https://translate.jellyfin.org/engage/jellyfin/?utm_source=widget">
<img src="https://translate.jellyfin.org/widgets/jellyfin/-/jellyfin-web/multi-auto.svg" alt="Detailed Translation Status"/>
</a>

## Development

These instructions will help you get set up with a local development environment in order to contribute to this repository. Before you start, please be sure to completely read our [guidelines on development contributions](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/development.html). Note that this project is supported on all major operating systems (Windows, Mac and Linux).

### Prerequisites

> Before the the project can be built, you must first install the [.NET Core 3.1 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) on your system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before the project can be built, you must first install the [.NET Core 3.1 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) on your system.
```

<a href="https://translate.jellyfin.org/engage/jellyfin/?utm_source=widget">
<img src="https://translate.jellyfin.org/widgets/jellyfin/-/jellyfin-web/multi-auto.svg" alt="Detailed Translation Status"/>
</a>

## Development

These instructions will help you get set up with a local development environment in order to contribute to this repository. Before you start, please be sure to completely read our [guidelines on development contributions](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/development.html). Note that this project is supported on all major operating systems (Windows, Mac and Linux).

### Prerequisites

The following software prerequisites are required to be installed locally before the project can be built and executed.

* [.NET Core 3.1 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)

> * [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) (at least version 2017) or [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)

Reviewer 2: Is this for windows or when you want to run the web client in a dev environment? as it reads, it makes it sound like these are hard coded requirements when they're not

Author: Updated this section to describe IDEs as optional prerequisites only required for debugging

<a href="https://translate.jellyfin.org/engage/jellyfin/?utm_source=widget">
<img src="https://translate.jellyfin.org/widgets/jellyfin/-/jellyfin-web/multi-auto.svg" alt="Detailed Translation Status"/>
</a>

## Jellyfin Server

> This repository contains the code for Jellyfin's back-end server. Note that this is only one of many projects/repositories under the Jellyfin GitHub [organization](https://github.com/jellyfin/). If you want to contribute, can start by checking out our [documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/index.html) to see what to work on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This repository contains the code for Jellyfin's backend server. Note that this is only one of many projects under the Jellyfin [organization](https://github.com/jellyfin) on GitHub. If you want to contribute, you can start by checking out our [documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/index.html) to see what to work on.
```

## Server Development

> These instructions will help you get set up with a local development environment in order to contribute to this repository. Before you start, please be sure to completely read our [guidelines on development contributions](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/development.html). Note that this project is supported on all major operating systems (Windows, Mac and Linux).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These instructions will help you get set up with a local development environment in order to contribute to this repository. Before you start, please be sure to completely read our [guidelines on development contributions](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/development.html). Note that this project is supported on all major operating systems except FreeBSD, which is still incompatible.
```

### Prerequisites

Before the project can be built, you must first install the [.NET Core 3.1 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) on your system.

> Instructions to run this project from the command line are included here, but you will also need to install an IDE if you want to debug the server while it is running. Any IDE that supports .NET Core development will work, but explicit instructions for [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) (at least 2017) and [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download) are included here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Instructions to run this project from the command line are included here, but you will also need to install an IDE if you want to debug the server while it is running. Any IDE that supports .NET Core development will work, but two options are recent versions of [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads) and [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download).
```

### Cloning the Repository

After dependencies are installed you will need to clone a local copy of this repository. If you just want to run the server from source you can clone this repository directly, but if you are intending to contribute code changes to the project, you should [set up your own fork](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/contributing/development.html#set-up-your-copy-of-the-repo) of the repository. The following example shows how you can clone the repository directly over HTTPS.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin.git
```

### Installing the Web Client

> By default, the server is configured to host the static files required for the [web client](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web) in addition to serving the backend API. before you can run the server, you will need to get a copy of the web client files since they are not included in this repository directly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The server is configured to host the static files required for the [web client](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web) in addition to serving the backend by default. Before you can run the server, you will need to get a copy of the web client since they are not included in this repository directly.
```

Note that it is also possible to [host the web client separately](#hosting-the-web-client-separately) from the web server with some additional configuration, in which case you can skip this step.

> There are two options to get the files for the web client:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are three options to get the files for the web client.
```

Reviewer 3: You can also simply pull the finished builds off Azure.

1. Build them from source following the instructions on the [jellyfin-web repository](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web)

> 2. Get the pre-built files from an existing installation of the server. For example, with a Windows server installation the client files are located here: `C:\Program Files\Jellyfin\Server\jellyfin-web`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Get the pre-built files from an existing installation of the server. For example, with a Windows server installation the client files are located at `C:\Program Files\Jellyfin\Server\jellyfin-web`
```

> Once you have a copy of the built web client files, you need to copy them into the build output directory of the web server project. For example: `<repository root>\Jellyfin.Server\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\jellyfin-web`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once you have a copy of the built web client files, you need to copy them into the build output directory of the web server project.

* `<repository root>/jellyfin-web`
* `<repository root>/Jellyfin.Server/bin/Debug/netcoreapp3.1/jellyfin-web`
```

Author: Not sure I understand this change. What is the first bullet point line `<repository root>/jellyfin-web` supposed to be?

Reviewer 3: You can also add the source there instead and it will build fine.

Author: I didn't know that was an option XD

The path to use is actually `<repository root>/Mediabrowser.WebDashboard/jellyfin-web`. 

I've also removed my original path for the build output from the doc here since that is specific to the build configuration (Debug, Release, framework, etc) and I can't see why using that would be preferable to the more flexible option.

After the required extensions are installed, you can can run the server by pressing `F5`.

#### Running From The Command Line

To run the server from the command line you can use the `dotnet run` command. The example below shows how to do this if you have cloned the repository into a directory named `jellyfin` (the default directory name) and should work on all operating systems.

```bash
cd jellyfin         # Move into the repository directory
cd Jellyfin.Server  # Move into the server startup project directory
dotnet run          # Run the server startup project
```

A second option is to build the project and then run the resulting executable file directly. When running the executable directly you can easily add command line options. Add the `--help` flag to list details on all the supported command line options.

1. Build the project

    ```bash
    dotnet build                # Build the project
    cd bin/Debug/netcoreapp3.1  # Change into the build output directory
    ```

2. Execute the build output. On Linux, Mac, etc. use `./jellyfin` and on Windows use `jellyfin.exe`.

### Running The Tests

> This repository also includes several unit test projects that are used to validate functionality as part of a CI process. These are several ways to run these tests:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This repository also includes several unit tests that are used to validate functionality as part of a CI pipeline on Azure. There are several ways to run these tests.
```

1. Run tests from the command line using `dotnet test`
2. Run tests in Visual Studio using the [Test Explorer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/test/run-unit-tests-with-test-explorer)
3. Run individual tests in Visual Studio Code using the associated [CodeLens annotation](https://github.com/OmniSharp/omnisharp-vscode/wiki/How-to-run-and-debug-unit-tests)

### Advanced Configuration

The following sections describe some more advanced scenarios for running the server from source that build upon the standard instructions above.

#### Hosting The Web Client Separately

> It is not necessary to host the frontend web client as part of the backend server. Hosting these two components separately may be useful for front-end developers who would prefer to host the client in a separate webpack development server for a tighter development loop (see the [jellyfin-web](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web#getting-started) repo for instructions on how to do this).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is not necessary to host the frontend web client as part of the backend server. Hosting these two components separately may be useful for frontend developers who would prefer to host the client in a separate webpack development server for a tighter development loop. See the [jellyfin-web](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-web#getting-started) repo for instructions on how to do this.
```

<a href="https://translate.jellyfin.org/engage/jellyfin/?utm_source=widget">
<img src="https://translate.jellyfin.org/widgets/jellyfin/-/jellyfin-web/multi-auto.svg" alt="Detailed Translation Status"/>
</a>

> ## Development

Author: Renamed this to `Server Development`.

I also added another section directory above this describing the purpose of this repository, because I noticed that wasn't actually described anywhere else in the README. I think that should address your other concerns.
